MAGEDOC-3966 PHP version update (#5046)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.2/cloud/before/before-workspace-magento-prereqs.md

## PHP (local) {#php}

> Install [PHP](https://glossary.magento.com/php) on your local. We recommend PHP 7.0. For information on installing PHP, see [PHP Settings]({{ page.baseurl }}/install-gde/prereq/php-settings.md). For instructions for another OS, see the [PHP documentation](http://php.net/manual/en/install.php).

Reviewer: Probably should have HTML instead of MD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install [PHP](https://glossary.magento.com/php) on your local workstation. For information on installing PHP, see [PHP Settings]({{ page.baseurl }}/install-gde/prereq/php-settings.html). For instructions for another OS, see the [PHP documentation](http://php.net/manual/en/install.php).
```

## PHP (local) {#php}

> Install [PHP](https://glossary.magento.com/php) on your local. We recommend PHP 7.2.

Reviewer: Cloud works with a Magento app template. For certain Magento 2.2, you cannot use PHP 7.2. I'd rather you delete the:
```suggestion
Install [PHP](https://glossary.magento.com/php) on your local.
```
